readme.md, before:

# In depth Javascript Learning

This is a collection of resources to learn Javascript in depth. It is a work in progress and will be updated regularly. I'm following Jonas's Javascript course and will be adding resources as I go along.

## [Language Basics](./LanguageBasic/languageBasics.md)

1. [Operator precedence](./LanguageBasic/languageBasics.md#operator-precedence)
2. [Function declearation vs function expression](./LanguageBasic/languageBasics.md#function-declearation-vs-function-expression)
3. [Arrays](./LanguageBasic/languageBasics.md#arrays)

## [How JS works behind the scenes](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md)

1. [Execution Context](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md#execution-context)
2. [Hoisting](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md#hoisting)
3. [Scope](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md#scope)
4. [Scope Chain](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md#scope-chain)
5. [this keyword](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md#this-keyword)
6. [Primitive vs Reference Types](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md#primitive-vs-reference-types)

## [Objects and Classes](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md)

1. [Objects](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md#objects)
2. [Prototypes and Prototype chains](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md#prototypes-and-prototype-chains)
3. [First class Functions](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md#first-class-functions)
4. [Immediately Invoked Function Expressions (IIFE)](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md#immediately-invoked-function-expressions-iife)
5. [Closures](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md#closures)
6. [Bind, Call and Apply](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md#bind-call-and-apply)

## [Asynchronous Javascript](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md)

1. [simple asynchronous code and synchronous code](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md#simple-asynchronous-code-and-synchronous-code)
2. [How asynchronous code works in javascript](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md#how-asynchronous-code-works-in-javascript)
3. [Event loop Simulation](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md#event-loop-simulation)
4. [Promises](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md#promises)
5. [Using async await pattern to write asynchronous code](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md#using-async-await-pattern-to-write-asynchronous-code)
6. [Runnung promises in parallel](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md#runnung-promises-in-parallel)

## [Data structures and Some Operators](./DataStructures/dataStructures.md)

Topics include:

Commit message:

es6 , iterator, generator, sets and maps done

readme.md, after:

# In depth Javascript Learning

This is a collection of resources to learn Javascript in depth. It is a work in progress and will be updated regularly. I'm following Jonas's Javascript course and will be adding resources as I go along.

## [Language Basics](./LanguageBasic/languageBasics.md)

1. [Operator precedence](./LanguageBasic/languageBasics.md#operator-precedence)
2. [Function declearation vs function expression](./LanguageBasic/languageBasics.md#function-declearation-vs-function-expression)
3. [Arrays](./LanguageBasic/languageBasics.md#arrays)

## [How JS works behind the scenes](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md)

1. [Execution Context](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md#execution-context)
2. [Hoisting](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md#hoisting)
3. [Scope](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md#scope)
4. [Scope Chain](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md#scope-chain)
5. [this keyword](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md#this-keyword)
6. [Primitive vs Reference Types](./HowJSWorks/howJSWorks.md#primitive-vs-reference-types)

## [Objects and Classes](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md)

1. [Objects](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md#objects)
2. [Prototypes and Prototype chains](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md#prototypes-and-prototype-chains)
3. [First class Functions](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md#first-class-functions)
4. [Immediately Invoked Function Expressions (IIFE)](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md#immediately-invoked-function-expressions-iife)
5. [Closures](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md#closures)
6. [Bind, Call and Apply](./object_and_classes/objects_and_classes.md#bind-call-and-apply)

## [Asynchronous Javascript](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md)

1. [simple asynchronous code and synchronous code](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md#simple-asynchronous-code-and-synchronous-code)
2. [How asynchronous code works in javascript](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md#how-asynchronous-code-works-in-javascript)
3. [Event loop Simulation](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md#event-loop-simulation)
4. [Promises](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md#promises)
5. [Using async await pattern to write asynchronous code](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md#using-async-await-pattern-to-write-asynchronous-code)
6. [Runnung promises in parallel](./AsynchronousJavascript/async.md#runnung-promises-in-parallel)

## [Es6, Data structures and Some Operators](./ES6/es6.md)

1. [Let,const VS var](./ES6/es6.md#letconst-vs-var)
2. [Arrow Functions](./ES6/es6.md#arrow-functions)
3. [Destructuring](./ES6/es6.md#destructuring)
4. [The Spread Operator](./ES6/es6.md#the-spread-operator)
5. [Rest Pattern and Parameters](./ES6/es6.md#rest-pattern-and-parameters)
6. [Short Circuiting (&& and ||)](./ES6/es6.md#short-circuiting--and-)
7. [The Nullish Coalescing Operator (??)](./ES6/es6.md#the-nullish-coalescing-operator-)
8. [Logical assignment operators](./ES6/es6.md#logical-assignment-operators)
9. [Maps](./ES6/es6.md#maps)
10. [Iterators and generators](./ES6/es6.md#iterators-and-generators)
11. [Sets](./ES6/es6.md#sets)
